bj
We are
Good night is good for living This week's Okura Racecourse Heavyweight race with real history
Ogura Memorial will be held
Therefore it is likely to be an important heterosexual even in telling the victory of the fine series
I tried to put together some points
Eight-framed horse is advantageous
Experience of distance not more than 2000m is important
Rich sweetness note of heavy prize experience
I would like to predict from these three points
It is Atsuma Shuttle that we made a hole
While the concept such as 2nd and 3rd in the championship is often seen , a horse that has not won a major prize
gradually
Beneath try to favorite expect the degree of domination first Stakes
The foremost leg that is stretched by the last is possible
As it is still powerful, it seems that if you are a member of this time you can expect to win
Last year's third prize including the a prize
Until my younger brother got fit with this one race
Because there are many horses that go on horse racing that is likely to gain popularity this time, my pace is firmly for horse racing
I think that there is enough potential if it can be brought in
Hmm
It is in Primera that made 3rd evaluation
If it is quite lonely with 4 seconds of 0.2 seconds in mermaid stakes
I think it is a horse that has the ability to pass well to this member as a race content
I think that the amount of 53 kg is quite attractive
Next is the Bells, but I lost a lot in the Satsuki Prize
It is said that the summer horse race was well prepared with experience and courtesy
It is a fun green tea bar to see how far you can fight against this race
And it is brown par
In the horse was a tenacious horse racing in Derby chrysanthemum plants together 4 pieces and classic teacher
I think the ability is very high horse
It reckoned one animal if possible is the most that in a good Baba because it is likely to be left and right horses to dad position
I think
It looks delicious this time in Goto
I chose Ama, and I want to move to the corner of the hidden ball this week
The'm this week's win is the horse that conditions for soaring is well-equipped for a Sudo plans
I would like to introduce this burden.
First of all, please see this video for a flower cup of the 1800 tax correction
It is a picture, but it is the 10th most popular at this time
After 4 nights at this time , my wife is
I think that it is possible to have a pretty good race considering the distribution of the show in the Akiha Prize
Breadth taking as compared with if Re Top Gun people line in 51 records and lightest
More than might be devised of Robana aim was cat Makopon league ownership of this week of semantic stables
It was a corner of the hidden ball of the province
Of I think everyone this week and want to aim the center in the box for a total of 20 points for this 爆筒triple double
We look forward to also subscribe this week in the Saturday Sunday horse racing
Let's have fun together, let's meet a little
me